Proposing clarification (#6488)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-policies-in-teams.md

### Screen sharing mode

> > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> > This feature is still in development. Screen sharing is a per-participant policy, however, it can be affected by the Organizer's Screen Sharing settings, see below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is still in development. Screen sharing is a per-participant policy, however, it can be affected by the organizer's screen sharing settings, as described in this section.
```
